TEST ENGINEERING
Profile
I am seeking the challenging position with a technology com pany that will allow m e to apply and enhance m y skills of being Test Engineer to their
fullest potential. Possessing over 10 years of experience in the electronics m anufacturing and test engineering environm ent can bring high level of
responsibility and technical role in your com pany. In addition, I am eager to contribute m y creativity and hard work towards the success of your
com pany and to the growth of the fast developing field.
Areas of Expertise
Digital/Analog and RF Circuits Design Techniques and Troubleshooting, used Agilent E5061B-3L5 LF-RF Network Analyzer for
troubleshooting
Proficient with circuit board and m icroscope soldering skills and rework
Interpret in reading schem atic diagram for AC/DC circuits
View Expert CAD Design software operating experience
TEXMAC Flying probe 9000 series program experience
Agilent 83480A Digital Com m unication Analyzer operating experience
Em ploym ent Hands on Com puter Skills
Python Scripting for test autom ation
Solaris 10 OS, Linux Mandrake and Red Hat OS Configuration
SQL Server Configuration
UNIX Script & Shell Program m ing
Networking Essentials
Networking Cabling Cat5e, Cat6 and Fiber Optic
TCP/IP and OSI Layers Knowledge
Windows XP Pro-Win 7 Mac OS X Leopard
PC Hardware Installation PC Troubleshooting
PC Software Installation Routers and Switches
Cable Modem s Experience
Network Subnetting, routing and addressing
Professional Experience
Test Engineering Feb 2006 to Current
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Perform com ponent debugging on the com plex android m obile technology products with Android Debug com m ands.
Bring up ongoing reliability lab for the android device com pliance testing that includes tum ble test, drop test, button cycling test, therm al
testing and hum idity environm ent testing.
Troubleshoot and perform final root cause failure analysis on the com ponent level for Riverbed Steelhead, Sturgeons, and Interceptors
WAN optim ization hardware appliances.
Responsible to perform functional test and system level validation, Report directly to the custom er's quality engineering departm ent with final
failure analysis data results on RMA/FA system s.
Manage RMA returns and process orders.
Perform incom ing quality check on the RMA system s.
Upgrade firm ware or software if required.
Use test equipm ent tools Digital/Analog m eters, Signal Generators, Oscilloscope Tektronix TDS 3052, Fluke 26III True RMS MM m eter
to find root cause on the electrical circuits.
TestExpert CAD for signal view.
Directly work with custom er's engineers to resolve all test related issues and act as prim ary technical custom er interface.
Prepare and develop test process procedures and dissem inate test-engineering standards for developed test system s.
Measure and control test debug WIP.
Stay abreast of technology trends.
Design, develop, m aintain test procedures, and tester software for electronic circuit board production.
Support junior technicians with failure analysis, tester debugging, reduction of interm ittent failures.
Review test equipm ent designs, data and RMA issues with custom ers regularly.
Support backend production floor with BOM breakdown for Intel X-86 server platform , Created Visual Aids.
work instructions for assem blies from frontend to backend.
Properly im plem ent ECO, ECN, Deviations, SPIs and ETN rework on the production floor.
Design barcode labels with loftware design software for assem blies and subassem blies.
Create MES routes for the assem blies and controlled process verification in the MES system .
Bronze Six Sigm a certified.
Participate in Lean m anufacturing eg.
The 5S's, Kaizen Blitz or Events, QRQC, Workflow Analysis, Layouts & workcell design, Kanban, Sim ulated continuous flow, De-
bottlenecking, Takt Tim e and other process related im provem ents, FPY reports for test m atrix, Test Debug WIP reports.
Applied Lean Six Sigm a m ethodologies to im prove production process.
Work with Test and Manufacturing engineering departm ents for DFT and developed test program s.
Extensive experience in NPI environm ent and NPI process im provem ents, custom er's NPI projects portfolio includes McAfee, Riverbed,
HP, Silverspring networks, NEC, Cisco, Pocketfinder, Sunpower & Sable networks.
Traveled dom estic and overseas to coach diagnostic technicians for new custom ers and existing custom er product lines.
Integration System Engineer Jul 2005 to Feb 2006
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Responsible to create proposals, design Security Access Control, CCTV Surveillance System and Alarm System s for Governm ent,
Com m ercial, and Residential custom ers.
Provided Technical Support to Field Technicians and custom ers.
Install GPS tracking devices on fleet vehicles.
Lab Technician Apr 2003 to Jul 2005
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Work directly with the com pany's Vice President of engineering on the developm ent of alarm verification VIT system .
Support developm ent of new production and R&D engineering departm ent overseas with BOM breakdown, Visual Aids, Schem atics
im provem ents and US FCC com pliance requirem ents.
Daily job duties included test and Troubleshoot CCTV Security products.
Perform ed electrical conform ance testing with Agilent 83480A Digital Com m unication Analyzer.
Introduce new product lines to the custom er and m arketing departm ent.
Provided Technical Support on all com pany products on phone and via em ail.
Test Technician III Jan 2002 to Mar 2003
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Test and troubleshoot flat touch screens and report daily test reports to engineering departm ent.
Trained new em ployees to perform task on assem bly lines.
Production Test Technician II Oct 2000 to Nov 2001
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Certified WWOPS Final Analysis Manufactured Training.
Ability to Test and Debugged all SUNFIRE m id and high series servers.
Generate daily work report on failed CPU boards and other com ponents.
Experience in Assem bly line, Kitting and pack out.
Assisted Manufacturing Engineers to installed and tested new features on a servers.
Interpret and very fam iliar with SUN Microsystem s technical docs on Netscape interanet.
Test Technician I Mar 1999 to Sep 2000
Com pany Nam e ï¼ City , State
Directly work with Engineers on new custom er products for Telecom m unication Servers.
Perform ed test and repaired bad m ain boards, worked on SMT m achines on a production.
Education
BSEE 2016 Northwestern Polyphonic University ï¼ City , State
Associate Degree , Physics, Chem istry and Mathem atics 2001 D.A.V. College Jalandhar City GPA: GPA: 4.0 GPA: 4.0
AAS Degree , Electronics Technology Heald College School of Technology ï¼ City , State Electronics Technology
Skills
Assem bly, autom ation, Cable Modem s, Cabling, CAD, Cat5, Cisco, coach, hardware, CPU, DC, debugging, DFT, Design software, electronics,
em ail, features, functional, Governm ent, GPS, HP, Intel, Linux, Logic Analyzer, Mac OS, m arketing, McAfee, MES, Access, Win 7, Windows
XP, NEC, Netscape, Network, Networking, Networking Essentials, networks, OS, optim ization, Oscilloscope, OSI, PC Hardware Installation,
PC Software, PC Troubleshooting, proposals, Python, quality, reading, Red Hat, RMS, Routers, routing, Schem atics, Servers, Shell
Program m ing, Script, Scripting, Signal Generators, Six Sigm a, Solaris, soldering, SQL Server, SUN Microsystem s, Switches, TCP/IP, TDS,
Technical Support, Telecom m unication, phone, test equipm ent, Troubleshoot, Troubleshooting, UNIX, Upgrade, validation, View, WAN,
Workflow Analysis, X-86